Remember that slide where I talked about this token based authentication firebase somewhere needs to
store this token and it does store it in the local storage of our browser.
You can see it if you go to the grown developer tools 2 application here and then to local storage and
then the localhost part you're here you see we have a key and a value.
And this actually is the tokens stored by firebase Adeste is automatically for you when you call days
sign up or sign in Mefford it does do this and it always has a look at this token.
If you then try to do something in your application and we can later use this token to offended ourselves.
I'll come back to using this token in a second or later.
Now this is where it stores it.
Now if I sign the user in here sign in you see now it gave us an Muto again.
If I click on log out or remove this tokens so there's actually an old token which I can delete.
So let's see this in action again.
Let's sign the user in like this.
This is now the token striated.
And if it clicks log out it delete it.
And this is how it determines if we are locked in or not.
If there is no token we clearly are not locked in and this check happens asynchronously synchronously
but very very fast.
Therefore we had this issue of our navigation stacked not being initialized when we already knew we
were not offending and tried to use our navigation stack to navigate somewhere else.
So if this is now working the missing piece of course is the redirection when you click log out which
does not happen as of now we are stuck on the shopping list page and instead until an average change
detection cycle hits.
And the reason for this simply is because changing the route page alone does not trigger change detection
and does not resolve in any page transmission.
So in order to navigate away I can go to on log out here I can use my nav controller because of course
the template has been initialized and the navigation stack has been initialized.
And here I can then call set root and set the root page to sign in page 2 now.
Also kind of do the same I did here only for the property but now also trigger the transition off the
page.
I hope this can be tricky to grasp simply has to be set up in this way due to how firebase works.
Of course you could also find different workarounds to make sure that you are not checking the authentication
state before your navigation stack has been initialized.
But this happens to work quite well.
So if this now I changed that again if a cloud clicked log out you see were instantly redirected because
now I also called said Drood.
I already changed to property.
So now we're back on the sign in page daises how we can change this.
How can we all we can check the authentication state to begin with.
You saw that it stored this token.
Now if there's one place we can start using our indications state to send HTP requests to our server
on our own through angler's HTP service to store our recipe shopping list stated there.
Now let's start working on this in the next lectures.